Add z-index to Notification Toast ListWrapper (#1359)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/smart-yaks-walk.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': minor
---

> Added a z-index to the Toast ListWrapper.

Reviewer: The ListWrapper is an implementation detail that users don't know and shouldn't care about. 

```suggestion
Added a `z-index` to the NotificationToasts so they always float above other content.
```

> Added a `z-index` to the NotificationToasts so they always float above other content.

Reviewer 2: I would mention that this requires a bump of `design-tokens` (otherwise it's not obvious by looking just at the Circuit changelog)

Reviewer 2: For example:

```suggestion
Added a `z-index` to the NotificationToasts so they always float above other content. Requires `@sumup/design-tokens@3.3.0`.
```
